iperf3: refresh page (#22363)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/iperf3.md

- Start bandwidth test:

`iperf3 {{[-c|--client]}} {{server_ip}}`

- Run iperf3 in multiple parallel streams:

`iperf3 {{[-c|--client]}} {{server_ip}} {{[-P|--parallel]}} {{streams}}`

> - Reverse direction of the test. Server sends data to the client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the test in reverse direction (server sends data to client):
```
